DPJizer Release License
=======================

University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License

Copyright (c) 2008-2010 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
All rights reserved.

Developed by:

    DPJ Team

    University of Illinois

    http://dpj.cs.illinois.edu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the names of the DPJ Team, University of Illinois, nor the names
    * of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
    * from this Software without specific prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.

Copyrights and Licenses for Third Party Software Distributed with DPJizer
=========================================================================

The DPJizer software depends on third party software. Such software will have
its own individual LICENSE.TXT file in the directory in which it appears. This
file will describe the copyrights, license, and restrictions which apply to that
code.

The disclaimer of warranty in the University of Illinois Open Source License
applies to all code in the DPJizer Distribution, and nothing in any of the other
licenses gives permission to use the names of the DPJ Team or the University of
Illinois to endorse or promote products derived from this Software.

The following pieces of software have additional or alternate copyrights,
licenses, and/or restrictions.

* DPJizer is implemented as an Eclipse plug-in. Eclipse is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/ and is licensed under Eclipse Public License - Version
1.0.

* DPJizer depends on the DPJ compiler available at http://github.com/dpj/DPJ and
licensed under the University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License.

* DPJizer depends on a plug-in that contains the binary form of the Guice
framework. Guice is available at http://code.google.com/p/google-guice/ and is
licensed under Apache License - Version 2.0.

* Some of the unit tests of DPJizer are derived from other third-party code, and
are subject to their licenses.
